The personal wing of the direct take is okay.
A lot of people asked how I do it.
have only one work area on the
motorola moto ex-president a trick and
and it's very interesting.
this is not the lounge and standard of the
motorola mototaxi google software
lautner even google will not show to
You google here in Holland
if you want to download it it is not
compatible with all devices of
Do not have a complete list here.
because every day comes in or out
a device then you
search the koogle nal lounge store is only
type as it is written on the screen here
the naushera flight then beauty sought
found is compatible if it does not appear
result is that I 'm sorry for your
phone is not compatible and google does not
do you want to use google nal laut?
beauty
overcome this part power settled
you will open your google nautical goes
select it and you will enter this
here if you create more things or
add new icons you get new ones
screens
if you remove them or move to a
single screen automatically deletes the
others are not left alone with a
only at first the pattern of silao ti
it's on the way he opens his google nal
It's literally you have this option here.
side
if you do not like do not like or
just want to have a single
work and option to come here three
settings and disable the
Google in the class above too.
Disabled Enabled All Ready
disable only have a single area
work is very radical is for those who do not
is very fond of the features that come with
the device and everything else, and you have the option of
use google lautner is with google nal
of singing or else like that without him
It's worth remembering that you do not need the
google in the active for the commands of the
ex engine
it's off I just disabled
What is the capital of Sao Paulo?
Candiota asks more logically, right?
it works 100% ok go now news and
until it seems a message beyond
What's new in command that I installed
He's just to test you but anyway.
It's quiet to malfunction.
ok go now which boiling temperature
from water
everything works normal in itself with the
google system not shut down because the
that gives the voice answers is the search
google and your google search is not
making noise all the more such in the options
google search you can enable
our right one- way voice and if you want
exchange your lounge I'll make up
Slower applications
set start when you play
beginning you choose if you use a
default initiator google nalout
initiator and soon returned standard one
standard five human 55 screen
five screens that do not have you
disable any of them
now if you want to use only one more mode
google at the time you use it the way you
I said everything else and only got one
screen
Where is your mouth?
other laut it does not start together the two
and whether this overrides other
eleven initial device that only this from here
will be started
is the tip for you that has this
beauty
This tip google naula a show to
only leave a home screen in your
I vote that many people like this and
I find it interesting to use
are almost a requirement of many
people you can not do without changing
google in claudia is the tip to
you guys and sign up for the channel that
it is not written that you had written
so up to now add below
favorite videos to add there
favorites
helps in the dissemination of the channel and
makes more people aware of this
video
already the staff is not measuring take
straight and went